README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on ****cybersecurity systems****<br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate with ****anyone) Slavic****<br>🤝 I’m looking for help/work together with any developers<br>🌱 I’m currently learning about ****Hacking/anti hacking details****<br>💬 Ask me about ***anything***<br>⚡ Fun fact I am good with computer, and minecraft pvp.

Привет Как твой день? Программист?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/52b39715-222c-4d49-b2db-56b6e3f1722f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e810a4db-a231-4893-9c23-1125d5bf485d)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3cd5d4a9-9c71-4acd-bed7-9f8077463658)

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/https://discord.gg/AYKsbkKPR3) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/VaredH01) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:Varedcraft21@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![UnoCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/unocss-333333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unocss&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Windicss](https://img.shields.io/badge/windicss-48B0F1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windi-css&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white) ![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/steam-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=steam&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mastercraft00&theme=default&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Mastercraft00&theme=default&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mastercraft00&theme=default&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Mastercraft00&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=tokyonight)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mastercraft00&limit=5&theme=cobalt&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Mastercraft00&icon=10&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with new role and learning focus
Updated personal information and tech stack details.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on ****Security Engineer (Tech company)****<br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate with ****No one****<br>🤝 I’m looking for help/work together with any developers<br>🌱 I’m currently learning about ****malware analysis, and penetration testing****<br>💬 Ask me about ***Life***<br>⚡ Fun fact ***Life sucks***

*Иди нахуй Ебаные ублюдки*

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/52b39715-222c-4d49-b2db-56b6e3f1722f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e810a4db-a231-4893-9c23-1125d5bf485d)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3cd5d4a9-9c71-4acd-bed7-9f8077463658)

## 🌐 Socials:
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/VaredH01) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:Varedcraft21@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![UnoCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/unocss-333333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unocss&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Windicss](https://img.shields.io/badge/windicss-48B0F1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windi-css&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white) ![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/steam-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=steam&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mastercraft00&theme=default&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Mastercraft00&theme=default&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mastercraft00&theme=default&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Mastercraft00&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=tokyonight)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mastercraft00&limit=5&theme=cobalt&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Mastercraft00&icon=10&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
